Had my bladder controlled

Author: Tk421y

*000*2025-10-28 04:18

I've recently discovered there are some online models that will dirty text and control your bladder. I decided to give this a try.

I set up a chair with water proofing and towels underneath and began one of these chats. I believe the female I was chatting with was legitimately into it as well. She was giving instructions to drink and I was not allowed to touch myself while we exchanged messages about what we enjoyed about wetting ourselves and being desperate. She shared with me that I could send her videos of myself being desperate while we went. The platform we used allowed a 10 minute maximum video length so once I began getting desperate I started video of the session sending them to her in 10 minute increments. She would watch them then encourage me to keep holding as I grew more and more desperate and text me what she wanted me to do in the next video.

I was sitting in my chair wearing just some light jeans (no underwear) as she instructed. I was not allowed to touch myself and my bladder bulge was massive. I was squirming in my chair which she wanted to see, and I was permitted a small leak. I continued to hold on and she admitted she loved the struggle and told me I could now hold my crotch. I immediately grabbed myself and held on until I lost a huge squirt into my pants creating a large wet spot.

She admitted to me that she was drinking seltzers and was also desperate and loving my desperation. I was holding on with my bladder at its breaking point and she told me she sat on the toilet and completely pissed her panties and included a picture of her completely pissed soaked panties. However she said I was not allowed to release until my bladder was so full that I couldn't think about anything else.

It was not long after this that I finally lost control and completely soaked myself while sitting. I then thought of all my favorite pee porn and started peeing my pants in different positions to show her. I got a huge rush out of filming myself peeing my pants and hoping that I could turn someone else on with a pants wetting video similar to all the panty wetting videos I have watched over the years.

I would recommend anyone try this and will definitely do this again. If any ladies read this far and want to control my bladder in a chat and have me film it in real time, I would love to have some more fun with this.

*002*2025-10-28 12:09

{{56 minutes ago, KrisAbyss said:

What a hot experience! I can't imagine it was cheap to spend enough time with a camgirl to do a whole hold. Sounds like it was worth it, though.

}}

It was $10 per hour which was intriguing enough to make me give it a try. However, it was text only. She made an exception to send me one photo of her panties. I believe most other models would be a lot more $, but also probably more interactive with media.

*004*2025-10-29 02:58

{{51 minutes ago, Littlefawn said:

I’m curious as to where this was because I would def do this as the girl haha.

}}

Look for burstingomo on fansly

