A Morning Hold Abroad

Author: Tangosierra97

*000*2026-03-27 10:27

I never write about myself. I thought this went too well not to share though. A bit on the descriptive side for male parts.

I need to pee.

I woke up with the familiar and pleasant feeling of urgency and fullness that spawns my like of morning holds. It's a late start today, maybe I'll hang on for a bit.

Big pushing urge to pee.

No problem I'll just reach down and s...

I'm not hard.

That's unusual. "Morning Wood" has "wood" in the name after all. Oh. It's because I need to pee really, really badly. That does make it difficult to stay hard without some stimulation. Why so badly? I can usually hold for 2-3 hours in the morning. My waking mind scrolls back to the previous evening. The work team from this country had thrown me a going-away outing. Beer flowed. This country is prudish sexually but has no issues with beer. I had broken the seal while I was there, but the bathroom was in such poor shape, I resolved to not go back. And I had just kicked off my shoes and face-planted on the bed when I got to my hotel room.

I still had 1 or 2 beers in me. No wonder I needed to piss so badly.

Another big wave of need. I need a little help if I'm going to last at all.

I stuff a hand into my crotch and start fluffing myself. Need to get hard NOW. I grabbed my cell phone from the bedside table and opened my encrypted folder. Porn in this country was illegal, but an encrypted note that looks like it is something employment-related should withstand minor examination. Just later in the note is a selection of DM's and posts from here. A treatise on the effects of pregnancy on holding, both early and late. A trip to the store that became a latchkey wetting. A tale of a woman in just a bikini being forced to twist her legs together. No pictures.

Ah, much better. Fully hard now. I should be able to h...

PEE NOW!

No, I briefly thought, as I reached into my boxers and started stroking. I've only been awake for 20 minutes! I barely held everything in. I've gotta move.

Getting up from the bed put a quarter-size damp spot far down one leg of my boxers. I pawed at myself to stay hard. I threw my boxers aside and hopped into the shower, taking my stimulating hand away for just a second.

Another spurt that hit the shower wall hard. And then I came, with similarly loud results. I hadn't even gotten my hand returned. After processing what had happened, all that beer piss finally made it out. I think this is the closest I have had peeing and cumming to each other in time.

I was so completely winded, I face-planted into the bed again. And yes I was desperate to pee again when I woke up an hour later. By that point, no time for additional fun.

